chore: Update docs (#8970)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: README.md

[![CI OSes](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/ci-unit-tests-os.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/ci-unit-tests-os.yml)
[![Continuous Delivery](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/cd-deploy-nodes-gcp.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/cd-deploy-nodes-gcp.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ZcashFoundation/zebra/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ZcashFoundation/zebra)
[![Build docs](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/docs-deploy-firebase.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/actions/workflows/docs-deploy-firebase.yml)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Docker](#docker)
  - [Manual Build](#manual-build)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [User support](#user-support)
- [Security](#security)
- [License](#license)

## About

> [Zebra](https://zebra.zfnd.org/) is Zcash node written in Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zebra](https://zebra.zfnd.org/) is the Rust implementation of the Zcash blockchain.
```

Author: I actually had a typo there. I updated it in [83c6e68](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8970/commits/83c6e68f84e0cd769f11cfaab603b93a6c88a1ec).

I prefer the term "full-node" for Zebra, but feel free to change it the next time. :D

Reviewer: that's good enough for me. thanks!
